Watch Anime Subtitles in Indonesia: 7 Underrated Mystery Anime Recommendations that No One Knows on TutturuNime

For mystery anime fans, you're probably already familiar with popular anime like Detective Conan, Death Note, and Psycho-Pass. However, did you know that there are many underrated mystery anime that are also of high quality?

Here are 7 recommendations for underrated mystery anime that you must watch on TutturuNime:

Umineko no Naku Koro ni (When the Seagulls Cry)
This anime tells the story of the Ushiromiya family who gather on a remote island to celebrate the head of the family's birthday. However, the celebration turns into a nightmare when a series of murders occur.

Umineko no Naku Koro ni is a mystery anime that is very complex and full of puzzles. This anime also has many plot twists that will surprise you.

Hyouka
Hyouka tells the story of Houtarou Oreki, a high school student who is very energy-efficient. He is not interested in things that are not important to him. However, his life changes when he meets Chitanda Eru, a girl who is very curious about everything.

Chitanda always asks Houtarou to help her solve the various mysteries she encounters. This anime has many interesting and unique mysteries, as well as a very heartwarming relationship between Houtarou and Chitanda.

Another
Another tells the story of Kouichi Sakakibara, a high school student who transfers to a small town that is haunted by a curse. The curse began in 1972, when a student named Misaki Yomiyama died in the middle of class. However, her classmates continue to pretend that Misaki is still alive.

Kouichi tries to uncover the mystery behind the curse. This anime has a very tense and mysterious atmosphere.

Gosick
Gosick tells the story of Kazuya Kujo, a Japanese student who is transferred to a school in Europe. There, he meets Victorique de Blois, a very brilliant detective girl.

Victorique always asks Kazuya to help her solve the various mysteries that occur at the school. This anime has many interesting and unique mysteries, as well as a very heartwarming relationship between Kazuya and Victorique.

91 Days
91 Days tells the story of Angelo Lagusa, a young man who seeks revenge for the deaths of his family. Angelo joins the mafia to get close to the people responsible for his family's deaths.

This anime has a very interesting and suspenseful plot. 91 Days also has many exciting action scenes.

ID:Invaded
ID:Invaded tells the story of Sakaido, a detective who is sent to Mizuhanome, a system that allows detectives to enter the subconscious minds of criminals. Sakaido must solve the various murder mysteries that occur in Mizuhanome.

This anime has a very unique and interesting concept. ID:Invaded also has many complex mysteries and surprising plot twists.

Boogiepop and Others
Boogiepop and Others tells the story of Boogiepop, an urban legend who is said to appear to kill people who are infected by a virus that turns them into monsters.

This anime has a very complex and mysterious story. Boogiepop and Others also has a very dark and suspenseful atmosphere.

So, those are 7 recommendations for underrated mystery anime that you must watch on TutturuNime. The anime above have very good quality and interesting stories. So, what are you waiting for? Watch the anime above now and enjoy the mysteries that are presented!

Keywords: Nonton Anime Subtitle Indonesia, TutturuNime